---

title: Letshuoer S15

description: Third Generation 14.8mm Planar Driver R-Sonic Passive Filtering Module Hifi Wired In Ear Monitor

model: S15

brand: letshuoer

drivers: 
    - planar 

priceRange: 

signature:
    - neutral

releaseDate: 

released: true

cover: /letshuoer/s15/image1.webp

---

::ImageTextGrid
---
cards:
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image2.webp
        text: LETSHUOER S15 features a 14.8mm third generation dual chamber planar driver.The configuration gives the S15 a broad sound stage, excellent transient response, and accurate sound reproduction.
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image3.webp
        text: To ensure smooth transitions between the octaves, LETSHUOER S15 employs a dual acoustic tubes structure with filter crossover scheme. In short, an excellent sonic balance.
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image4.webp
        text: LETSHUOER S15 adds a 6mm passive filtering module outside the planar driver. The passive filtering module is LETSHUOER's in-house R-Sonic Dynamic Harmonic Technology. Positive filtering of sound energy through proprietary filters.
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image5.jpg
        text: LETSHUOER S15 cavity has been ergonomically polished to fit most people's ear shapes, providing both stability and comfort. The internal structure of the cavity has been precisely optimized, contributing to the precise acoustic configuration and extremely low distortion.
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image6.jpg
        text: S15 adopts standard flush-mounted 0.78mm dual-pin receptacle. Detachable 2.5mm, 3.5mm, 4.4mm 90-degree angle connectors come standard with the unit, making S15 compatible with various device.
    - card: 
        image: letshuoer/s15/image7.webp
        text: LETSHUOER emerges from the meticulous craftsmanship and technical exploration of planar driver earphones. Through engineers' countless iterations of plan revision and continuous optimization, it pays homage to the art of sound and earphone aesthetics.
---
:: 

::Technical
---
technicals:
    - Frequency response: 20-40kHz
    - Impedance: 30Ω
    - Driver: 14.8mm planar driver + 6mm passive filtering module
    - Sensitivity: 106dB/mW
    - Cable length: 1.2m 216 strands silver-plated monocrystalline
    - Material od faceplate: Anodized aluminium

package: 
    - IEM S15
    - Instrucation sheet
    - 3x Detachable connector
    - Cable
    - Waranty card
    - Storage box
    - Ear tips in two types, 3 size each
---
::