---

title: Shozy P20

description: 

model: P20

brand: shozy

drivers: 

priceRange: 

releaseDate: 

released: false

signature:

cover: /shozy/p20/cover.webp

shops:
    - 

---
::image-text
---
image: /shozy/p20/image1.webp 
---
## Large Diaphragm Dynamic Driver
The P20 is designed around an all new large-sized diaphragm driver. This new 14.5mm PET diaphragm is significantly bigger than the typical 6-10mm diaphragms used in IEM’s. The larger diaphragm allows greater sonic output with reduced total harmonic distortion (THD) across the entire frequency spectrum, at under 0.5% (1kHz).  Particularly, the larger diaphragm allows greater improvements in the bass, mimicking the bass that can be experienced from overhead headphones. Furthemore, at a diaphragm thickness under 1 micrometer, the driver is extremely responsive, allowing fast transients and high level of micro-detail retrieval. Shozy’s manufacturing process and strict quality control also guarantees less than 1.5dB channel imbalance at 1kHz. 
::


::image-text
---
image: /shozy/p20/image2.webp 
---
## Mature, yet Exciting Tuning
The P20 was tuned to best demonstrate the power of the new 14.5mm driver. The P20 has an incredibly powerful and textured subbass and bass response. However, the overall tonal balance is contained to be balanced and natural, resulting in a professional sound signature. 
::


::image-text
---
image: /shozy/p20/image3.webp 
---
## Interchangeable Cable
The P20 comes standard with an interchangeable cable system. Fitted with 0.78mm 2-pin connections and an option between 3.5mm unbalanced or 4.4mm balanced cable jack, the P20 is ready to fit any of your music devices.
::


::technical
---
technicals:
    - Frequency response range: 5HZ - 40KHz
    - Impedance: 30 ohms
    - Sensitivity: 105dB (at 1KHz/mW)
    - Distortion: <0.5% at 1KHz
    - Total Harmonic Distortion: Less than 3%
    - Driver: 14.5mm dynamic driver
    - Cable Interface: 3.5mm or 4.4mm
    - Plug Type: Detachable 0.78mm 2Pin

package: 
    - 1 x Shozy P20
    - User Manual
---
::